Modified the signature for ResourceOperator class (#8279)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

    [(#8205)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8205)
  * The test files were renamed to avoid the dual definition error with labs module.
    [(#8261)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8261)
  * The :class:`~.estimator.ResourceOperator` controlled decomposition signature was modified to accept

>     compressed operator as an argument and change the argument names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    compressed operator as an argument and the argument names were changed.
```

>     compressed operator as an argument and the argument names were changed.

Reviewer 2: I woudn't add this entry and instead just add it under L18 as a follow-up PR to that entry.
